chore(hbase): Add HBase 2.6.3 (#1296)
stackabletech/docker-images: hbase/README.md

# Support for HBase 2.6

> Support for HBase 2.6 in SDP 24.7 is experimental.
> As of SDP 25.3 this support is non-experimental.

Reviewer: I think this is a little redundant.
```suggestion
As of SDP release 25.3, HBase 2.6.x is fully supported.
```
